you will ask why he teaches
credits of the game because I wanted that
you saw these people I do not know who from
they are the culprit but we are from
February with problems that two by three
with the wow is that it is tired seriously is
the third video in a few months that I upload
of this does not give error 23 or whatever it is
error all now but it's thrown up
the forum and I was like this all day until
6 o'clock in the afternoon that is from the
night to night from 3 o'clock at night
4 last night until 6 pm
about 4 or 6 hours worked fine and come back
to throw ourselves less badly than I could not
connect before in this video you will see
much earlier on my channel but it's that
Now when I can finally connect to a
Wednesday I have a free time to be able
make fat people to do
heavenly with all my ninetys and
get some equipment before I go to
sleep instead of that I get out of the game
nothing else I take a flight and nobody of
we can re-enter now
we were in command and complaining about
the same thing happened to me all day working
in the book that by the way about that already
talk in the next chapter of route
90 maybe
and I wanted a break time I wanted a
time to improve my progress a bit
the characters now that we have a
brotherhood a little more ryder although still
you can not see it because cf versus raid
he still did not get there
this happens to us over yesterday we were in
wright in flex 2 and a misunderstanding we are
fighting we are in advance in
flex 2 to 1 of the entire chew
we were against nobody and the cheese did not
existed because we have few ranges and
finally we do everything ideal mechanics
perfect we were doing it right
as it should be done at 20% it falls half
raid fall the two tanks 3 hitleres
and several of ps there was only me and another of
ps I have not fallen but of course if I'm
I only the tanks have fallen all
they have fallen we have hit because of
warn
I do not know what's happening to them lately
I do not know if it's because other people have connected
kingdoms and why is it that it has started
since they have connected the kingdoms from
February they connected they pull hills
brown and then they throw me the wanderers are
a few months began to pass this shit
seriously it is that there is no other or does not try
to write it is shit we pay enough
pasta every month
today I deposit to the bank 70 euros for
to spend in six months of bou and it's
that is, they take away the desire to spend
because fuck
pay so much pasta so then maybe
the game does not work for you one day and a
day not a day if a day not in the middle the
strip root or when you have a while
free to do it whatever it is you
pull and we can not do anything good if I
I can complain I can record videos what
only that I have a small voice in
internet I have some subscribers that
can you hear me can you share or not
my opinion but esque
I'm sorry for recording so many videos of
complaint often but I think that
if these things happen since we can not
do something else the least is to do it
know the minimum is to make a video if
you have a YouTube plan poster or in
facebook or where you can so that the
people see that this can not be is that
it can not be all the whole
brotherhood is frustrated we have entered
books two today because it did not work well
the egg we have entered into limbo the two
is that it can not be that the
competition will take away people punctually
It looks like it will take away people
because apart from that you'll take us out
content even within God and you know
how many months are you shooting the game
every two for three
that maybe it's not your fault like that
our fault some guilt will have
fuck can not happen like that because
I know no cataclysm occurs or in
france or whatever where are the
servers that I know are tests that
they put them or that someone has touched something
wrong and it has fallen I do not know but but it is
that does not work that's the only thing that
it should work for you and it does not work
we pay for a service that we do not know
loan
there's nothing I can say that no longer
I said in my previous two videos
of complaint that I would not let you in
fuck what piece building because there's no
no building on the bus
I have already said all my arguments in my
two previous videos but it's that in
serious that this does not end yesterday that we
pull the raid today that will not let
play almost nobody and when he lets pass
a few hours and throw us again is that it is
frustrating is already a game that has
quite a budget has many years
of experience these things no longer
they should pass these heights not even
put patches is the same part all the
while and these things happen seriously
in the end I hope they solve it
because we've been two or three months
very bad with constant drops with
instability is in battle net much
people with the complaining of several thousands
several seconds of latency not
milliseconds in seconds thousands of
milliseconds
what a holy auto, and it seems to me
an embarrassment of this with how much
I love the game and how much
respect to its creators this seems to me
a shame and I think we should
do something about it but it's already that if
they do not make another gilbert will yes
will do
cool to be will do it or whoever it is achieves and
this rock have to put the batteries
is that it is that or do you put the batteries in
this world or in the end you're nobody
at the end they forget you
I do not have much more to say simply
I wanted to inform you that again
egg as the ass and as I say I
I have the option the possibility rather
bother but they go out to the art book
of the collector's edition I have the
option the possibility again of
transmit this to a more amount or
less high players and my voice is made
hear not much not as much as the voices
media of big magazines or something
well but some media power but if
say I have it and I can complain and what
I do and that is what they should do
Anyone who pays for something and does not
he receives it
natural complaints are part of the
review
criticism you will say is not a criticism
constructive you are simply
complaining is always critical
constructive do it better are you
doing it wrong doing the best we do not have
data why you do it wrong
just fix what you have to
Fixing the game before was fine because
Now it's wrong
but well what is said is not much more than
say I hope you liked this
video a bit strange tomorrow you will have
as a contrast a much more video
fun and much more enjoyable and then I think
that a series that equal some of you
waiting a few weeks so nothing
I hope you liked it as always
the likes forito and subscribe to the
channel or as it explains